Intermediate HTML & CSS Fonts: Remove mention of Google Fonts and Add warning (#27413)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/intermediate_css_concepts/more_text_styles.md

#### Online font libraries

One popular and easy method to get fonts that are *not* installed on a user's computer is to use the online [Font Library](https://fontlibrary.org/), or the premium, but non-free, [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/).

<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--warning" markdown="1">
### A warning about Google fonts

> As you look into online font libraries to use you may come across [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/). We strongly advise against using them, as websites that use Google Fonts [violate the GDPR](https://www.cookieyes.com/documentation/features/integrations/google-fonts-and-gdpr/). Do not follow the instructions on downloading fonts in that article, as we will be going over it in this lesson.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you look into online font libraries to use you may come across [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/). We strongly advise against using them, as websites that use Google Fonts [violate the GDPR](https://www.cookieyes.com/documentation/features/integrations/google-fonts-and-gdpr/). Do not follow the instructions in that article on how to make Google fonts compliant, as we will be going over downloading fonts in this lesson.
```

#### Online font libraries

One popular and easy method to get fonts that are *not* installed on a user's computer is to use an online [font library](https://fontlibrary.org/), or the premium, but non-free, [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/).

### Warning

<div class="lesson-note" markdown="1">

As you look into online font libraries to use you may come across [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/). We strongly advise against using them, as websites that use Google Fonts [violate the GDPR](https://www.cookieyes.com/documentation/features/integrations/google-fonts-and-gdpr/).

> </div>

Author: I think its better to leave the article in, it serves as 'proof' to the reader that google fonts violates GDPR. I tried finding an article that doesn't mention how to use google fonts and still stay compliant, but I couldn't - so I've added a change to tell the reader not to follow the instructions on that article as you've mentioned.
